Hey Bala, sorry. Due to the bad not-fuck from my side. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, the finance mail you're sending out, okay? We need that to be updated in a new format, okay? Okay. So right now you're just sending out the final R's, you're sending out double F's, okay? We need how much hearts are coming out of CH adjustments. So we are doing two CH adjustments. One is the obvious experience as a task, which we are getting to help out during the peak time, which is happening in the assignment process. So that's where we are implementing the logic for the 4 hour time period with half an hour, 3 hour as the CAG peak and an additional half hour pre and post 4 hour to smoothen the process. So we are allocating the CAG minutes, actually it's 30 seconds per transaction which is happening in the peak time.

on more adjustment called CHE dynamic sorry CHE means stubbing adjustment okay that is happening in the old stubbing so I need some data capture of how the hearts are prior to the adjustment and the final resultant whatever you are sending out to WFM is after that okay but right now it doesn't have POPC so you need to tie up POPC and get the hearts prior to CHE mean stopping adjustment and how much is the task minutes in terms of hearts being allocated by the CHE task itself. I need this to be tied up. I need these two along with the regular round hours, okay? So if your final hours are showing by 20, so 18 hours will be coming from POPC for example, and additional 15 hours will be coming from CHU, okay? So this is a rough number I'm giving, so you need to pull the proper numbers from your board. Okay? Okay. I need a report ready for this sort of pull, okay? And the first one, you need to go for whichever way works for you.

You need to pull up the task and tasklets and convert it into a hash, okay? So we'll see where you can find the opportunity to pull that. Okay. So you need to do your own sort of investigation. So you need to know where the task is getting allocated, where it's getting manipulated, and where we are doing the aggregation. Okay? Okay. And yeah. report it back to me over the status email, okay? I'm not seeing the status email for the past few days, so report it back to me, okay? Yeah, okay, fine. Over the email. Sure. Okay. And have a check on the incidents, okay? And if there are any incidents coming, just send it to your name. We're losing, actually, the response SLA most often nowadays. Okay. Bala, regarding... Do you have your notifications? Regarding to the incidents, it's been a little challenging for me as actually I haven't seen pipeline before when I'm coming to this project. I'm learning everything new. To this incidents only. Sorry? But you are in operations, right?

How are you saying that you haven't seen pipelines? No, no. What? Yeah, part of data ops, right? Yeah, DATOPS but those thing was done everything in a manually by using a BAT file but by the window task scheduler. No, everything, the environment I'm talking about is a little new for me. For example, in my initial days, when I used to click it anywhere, what happened, I'm be cautious with that time. So slowly I have adopted all the environment. As of now, I'm very good with all the part of the Azure and Databricks topic. Coming to the incidents only, I need a few time, Bala, to get fit into those properly. Once I get fit into that topic. But see, in order to handle the incidents, you need to first know your system in and out. Yeah, I'm doing that. Without knowing that there is no point of doing any investigation. Yeah, that is why actually I'm asking some time because to understand the complete scenario of the code base. That is, I really need some time to understand.

See, I already gave you all the time. Whenever I connect with you folks, I ask you guys to go through the code. Yeah, sure. Yeah, you did. Yeah, it's not my fault and also it's not a pretty huge data code base. We just have a few pipelines running around there. It's just that it has a lot of buzzwords at the end of the day. Yeah, you're right. But I want to call out one thing. Before switching to any new technology or new project, the KT should be there in the code base or at least for a few. But for our choice, KTs were completely run on mails. If you ask Naveen also, he will also say the same. But even though, if any documents are there, I will go through with that. I can understand the process. I can reach your expectations. That's what I'm saying. And... If you had any questions in the code, you should have reached out to someone. That's the worst thing you should have done.

If you're not able to understand or go through the, sorry, able to understand the process of the execution in the code, you should have just had it asked at that time itself. You waited. To be honest, you are there for the last three months. Hmm. You are saying that you haven't even went through the court. How will that look on me? No, no. I have went through the court. But only for my understanding I can... But you are not even answering my simple questions. That's what I am not able to settle on. You can understand. Actually, during the calls, I'm feeling a bit nervous. I'm not getting the questions properly. So, I'm rectifying that. Today, I can express myself to you. But before... See what? All the time has actually passed, okay? I'm on a stage where I'm answering to a lot of people now. Because of you. I'm getting a lot of pressure from Ney. I'm getting a lot of comments, sorry, things from Tuan regarding your feedback on your performance.

Because you are not able to perform any of the tasks that you are supposed to do. Tuan is getting overburdened. You know, when he's logging in and when he's logging off. Oh, no, no. OK. He's logging in. Yeah. I respect your decision, whatever you take. I actually, I haven't, I did my best, but it haven't... Yeah, it's not your best, but the team is small size team, okay? Yeah. One person is taking off, the other person should be comfortable enough to handle the entire process. We are studying with that, then I think we have to look for alternatives, okay? Yeah, I won't let their team be lagged because of myself. Yeah, and also you need to think about where you thought about that in the initial phase itself. You would have learnt on your own. No one, to be honest, this project was not handled with transient. We learnt the code entirely by ourselves. No one was there to guide us. And this is the third iteration of the code. We are already working on the fourth iteration.

There is a development work already going on for the fourth iteration. And it's in progress and we are targeting some dates for deployment of that. That's what. I don't know how much you think in reality, but this is a pretty huge project for Starbucks at least. They are spending millions and millions in terms of labor cost. We are the ones owning that. We are even projecting two hours additional on a forecast weekly. Then they are losing. so much millions. Because they invested but there is no return because those labourers are simply not doing any work. Their assets are scheduled but they are not doing anything. Exactly. That's the reality over here. Everyone of this team is dependent on us. Yeah, completely invested in that. And all the emails you are sending, it's just not the numbers at the end of the day. and the report you have sent, even Neha escalated a few times. She hasn't shown in the emails. Sometimes she would, sometimes she doesn't.

Because I have a call with her on a daily basis, during the start of my day itself. If there are any questions, it will come then and there and I have to respond to her or I have to correct your emails or give her the proper numbers. I'll let you know if there is any alignment on that part. Okay. Okay, bye. Okay. Yeah, but... Yeah, I'll let you know, okay? So, for now, just... work on the incidents, okay? So, try to understand and don't stick with the final answer. Put that alone, okay? You have all your tools. You can just... all the intermediate files okay start from the bottom to the lowest source that's how you learn that's the trick okay there is no mechanism over here you just have to hard truth is you have to figure it on your own there is data and you just have to try to see pinpoint and figure out That's all you need to figure out for forecast queries. Or if you do this, you'll be able to add a whole lot of bugs. That will enable you for development activities.

And I'm very interested to do development part, actually. And also, I'm not doing analysis. analysis comes from incident, without doing that you can't go into development in the start. Yeah, that is the only part I have to concentrate on. Reminding her everything fine, if you check the meals and running the process of the parents. Yeah, honestly that's just 5% of the job okay, to be exact. At least the target adjustment, I would say that's taking some time for you folks not even the sack of the job we are doing. If you just look at, I know you guys don't have the access to Chiragpur, but if you look at it, we are owning a lot of stories at our end, me and Don. And every day, Red Vess comes in here and there. If you know the entire process 100%, then you will be able to do that on spot. That's the real challenge over here.

If we have to stick with the incidents and other things, which is something you guys and meanwhile if you can give some stories as well like siren daily flag that is not there going forward siren is entirely removed yeah yeah likewise if any stories are there yeah that's what those are no longer there is only going to be your sustenance okay that too they are not taking it up much lately